# powershell
Collection of Powershell Scripts/Modules

Write-Log.psm1 - Module used in almost every script for logging messages, includes functions to start logging, write log messages, and stop logging

MDT_Drivers - A set of scripts and files that I've used to update the drivers in MDT Deployment shares. These are set up to use MDT in the "Total Control" driver method. There are several pieces there so here's an overview of them
- Manifests folder: the driver manifests generated by the scripts, simply a listing of all the models and the drivers downloaded for each one
- Models folder: contains the CSV files for the models you want to update: currently one for HP and one for Dell.
- Scripts folder: where the main scripts are stored, 4 of them currently
  - Clear_Old_Driver_Folders - Checks through the driver folders and clears out ones that haven't been updated in a while. 
  - Run_MDT_Driver_Updates - The main script that runs the other ones, you set the deployment share to target here and it's used                              as a parameter for the other scripts
  - Update_Dell_Drivers_MDT - Runs the driver update for the models in the Dell_Driver_Models CSV file
  - Update_HP_Drivers_MDT - Runs the driver update for the models in the HP_Driver_Models CSV file
    
 - ListApplications_GridView - Script that will pull installed applications (32/64 bit) from the registry and display them using the built-in grid view. This has mainly been used when looking up installation information for package creation

- MoveADComputers_1_4 - This script is a template that can be used to check for computers and return their current OU location as well as move them if desired. It opens up a winform for interaction with the script

- RemoteCommands - This script is another Winform script that is designed to run commands to remote computers.  There is a selection of commands that I've used repeatedly in an environment, but the commands can also be customized as desired.  There is a fixed version here also called RemoteCommands_Fixed where the person can only run the listed commands

- DellDriverUpdate - Designed to be run on a Dell computer, this will use the Dell Command Update software to check, download, and install the latest drivers for the model that it is run on.

- HPDriverUpdate - Similar to the Dell one, this is designed to be run on an HP Device and will run the HP Image Assistant software to check for, download, and install the latest drivers for the computer that it is run on

- Run_Driver_Update_Scripts - Meant to be placed with the Dell and HP scripts, this will check for the manufacturer of the computer and then run the appropriate driver updater (HP or Dell). Can be modified for other manufacturers as well

- SecurityAgentCheck - An environment I worked at required several security agents to be present on the system before being deployed to a user. This script will check for and run the install commands for the agents desired if they weren't installed.

- Get-ServerInformation - a script to query some information about computers in your ad environment, it will the following information about the device: name, ipaddress, operating system, available drive space on c:, total physical memory, stopped services and the size of the userprofiles (c:\users) folder. 
